update info re: Assistant memories and noise filtering (#1903)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-assistant/overview.md

![Semgrep Assistant in the filtered Findings page](/img/semgrep-assistant-autotriage-findings.png#md-width)
_**Figure.** Semgrep Assistant auto-triage in the Findings page._

Assistant's suggestions to ignore findings are also surfaced in PR or MR comments, so developers can triage an issue without switching contexts.

### Noise filtering

> Assistant is over 95% accurate in categorizing Semgrep Code findings as false positives, so you can minimize the number of findings shown to users by hiding those flagged by Assistant as likely to be false positives. Findings filtered out by Assistant can be reviewed at any time in Semgrep. Semgrep also allows you to agree with the filtering to close the finding or disagree to reopen.

Reviewer: Could we lead with how Noise Filtering speeds up developers and reduces the number of interruptions? And then close with the 95% accuracy stat? For example:

"Noise Filtering increases developer velocity by reducing interruptions from potential false positives. With Noise Filtering, Assistant evaluates each finding to determine whether it is true positive using additional context. If Assistant thinks a finding may be a false positive, it will prevent a PR comment from being posted in the developer workflow. These findings can be reviewed on the pre-production tab by the security team. Semgrep also allows you to agree with the filtering to close the finding or disagree to reopen. Assistant is over 95% accurate in categorizing Semgrep Code findings as false positives.

![Semgrep Assistant in the filtered Findings page](/img/semgrep-assistant-autotriage-findings.png#md-width)
_**Figure.** Semgrep Assistant auto-triage in the Findings page._

> Assistant's suggestions to ignore findings are also surfaced in PR or MR comments, so developers can triage an issue without switching contexts.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Assistant's suggestions to ignore findings are also surfaced in PR or MR comments, so developers can triage an issue directly without leaving their PR or MR.
```
Strongly suggest not to use "switching contexts" as it may be confusing: "what contexts?"

### Noise filtering

Noise filtering increases developer velocity by reducing interruptions from potential false positives. With Noise Filtering, Assistant evaluates each finding to determine if it's a true positive using additional context. If Assistant thinks a finding may be a false positive, it prevents a PR comment from being posted in the developer workflow. 

Security teams can review filtered findings at any time on Semgrep's [**Code > Pre-production** page](https://semgrep.dev/orgs/-/findings?tab=open&last_opened=All+time&backlog=preprod). Semgrep also allows you to agree or disagree with the filtering. If you agree with the suggestion, Semgrep closes the finding, but if you disagree, Semgrep reopens the finding.

> Assistant is over 95% accurate in categorizing Semgrep Code findings as false positives.

Reviewer: @khorne3 We could link to new section in the docs: https://github.com/semgrep/semgrep-docs/blob/chushili-assistant-metrics-test/docs/semgrep-assistant/assistant-metrics.md
